I can only recommend Super App for everyone who is singing.
Solid app for following the Stronglifts program. Haven't had any issues with it.
Straight forward app. Enjoying having a place to store my weights
I love this App! Downloaded it just for fun but it keeps it's promises! A lot of singles and nice people to chat with
The app is great for meeting new nice people and experiencing great dates. The app is definitely recommended.
Getting great result, well organized easy to follow
Simple app at least the free version, will see if it works! Using for a couple weeks pretty easy can tweak weights but of course gotta pay for more customisation, guess the developer needs to eat
first program that i have ever been able to stick, the weights do increase quickly, but your body will adapt.
Definitely keeps me aligned at the gym. Rest breaks monitored, remembering what to lift and how many sets done, best way to track ...
Very convenient and easy to use. I just add these 5x5 to my daily program. Works great.
Love here love because I think the app is so simple and easy it was very easy for me too. I can only recommend
Excellent app but some of the push notifications are stubborn and don't close easily.
best powerlifting app, i only train twice a week though, not three times. still getting good results!
Does exactly what I want it to do. Track a simple 5x5 routine. As a plus it keeps track of my resting, so I don't waste time.
This app is a great place to start strength training. It is so simple it is hard to mess up. Just pick a low enough starting weight.
Don't think about it, just fill in the bubbles, do the reps and don't stop. I love the simplicity. Thanks for this!
love this app for the fact of how simple it is. I like just showing up to lift and not trying to figure out where I'm at weight wise and tracking sets.
It's very simple and very effective. I would recommend it to anyone just starting out or that hasn't lift in a while.
Simple to use, clear UI. Easy to access everything needed in the 5x5 program, even with shaky fingers at the gym. Pro features worth it so far (4th week).
locking accessories behind the paywall is unfortunate, but somewhat understandable. Either way it's an effective and convenient tool to help with easily executing the program. Well done.
Excellent app. Setup takes a little figuring out but it's great for pushing you to try harder by adding weight each session
The app actually works well but I really didn't appreciate the offensive comments in the emails, especially about women's bodies.
there's no frills, no extras, but for a simple workout tracking app it works just great.
I really like the app. It is very easy to use and the support is very helpful and quick.
So far so good. Simple to the point. Tried bodybuilding workouts, takes to much time and isolation exercises leave me too sore and tired for my job. Focus on the compounds and add isolation as needed
Best Novice or start up for strength training. I am a weight trainer for 10 years, but last few years I have fought with cancer with radiation and chemotherapy. This program has been giving me my strength back slowing without burning me out. Thank you the great program!
The perfect app/program to help destroy the cursed skinny fat body. Helps keep you accountable.
The simplicity and convenience has helped me be really consistent and see big results!
Excellent app, does everything for you, timers, progression etc... Go pro and you get a safe and tailored warmup
easy to use and a great way to keep track of your next workout and overall progress
Love this simple easy to follow plan. Shows real results fast.
Had very little strength experience. A trainer at a physio place showed me the lifts and i did StrongLifts and stuck to it. All lifts improved and still are improving.
Very easy to use. I especially like rest counter that automatically starts when you mark a set as done.
Very good to get to know people in the area and you can easily register. Very nice!
First I only flirted for some time. Then I started dating some guys, which was a hell of a time. Awesome App!
Straight forward and helps with knowing what to lift each session
This is the greatest workout app I have ever used. It does all the planning so you just have to show up, gather the weights, and lift.
Great app! I need apps like this one to help track progress. SL is great!
Great easy to use app for getting back into working out and building basic natural strength.
Really simple to use and a great workout plan for beginners. Make sure you watch the videos and do further research into proper form.
I use to like the app much better when you didnt have to subscribe to get the warmup sets. Now you only get basic for free.
I've been using the app for a while now and I am very happy with it. great singles, nice flirts and maybe there will be love at some point.
Awesome app, easy to track your progress
so far enjoying the simplicity and the way it eases in to the weights. no need to waste time with 60+ minute workouts with this gem
This is not my first online dating experience but I think the app is better than a lot of others. Flirty, chatty singles, lots of fun. Not bad at all.
Works like a charm... So far it has been 100% bug free! Very happy! We'll see how it pans out workout-wise :)
The workouts aren't difficult to keep track of but this app makes it even easier. It has a built-in timer with a bell too which is nice.
Good app so far. No bombardment with ads either
I've used Stronglifts 5x5 program before and really liked it. Now with the app it makes the workout quick, easy, and a no brainier. Great app!
Simple but effective workout plan. Easy to use app.
Great app to keep going to the gym a simple experience.
This app is amazing. Keeps what has been promised and very easy to use. I highly recommend it. Go for it!
Here is something for everyone. Shortly after signing up, I already had nice chats, which has already made the app worthwhile.
Cool app, easy to use and the exercises are quick and to the point. He gives you all the tools you need to finish this workout series
Its really awesome how easy you can find a good date nowadays! I use this app nearly daily now.
